# Online-Shopper-s-Intention

  TARGETING THE RIGHT CUSTOMERS USING CLASSIFICATION ALGORITHMS TO INCREASE REVENUE
# Business Problem:
   As a result of today’s knowledge-based economy and the information society, e-commerce is becoming increasingly popular allover the globe. The most common type being the Business-to-Customer trade, typically represented as online stores,displacing physical stores quickly (Suchacka & Chodak, 2016). The transitionfrom physical to online shopping can be inferred by numbers such as an increase in total retail sales in Germany of 3% in 2016, whereas the e- commerce sales rose by an estimated 12.5% to 58.52 billion dollars and are expected to exceed 86 billion dollarsat the end of 2021 (Retail Ecommerce in Germany: A Major Digital Market Growing in Size and Sophistication, 2017). The rapid growth of e-commerce has transformed the shopping process as a whole and along with it the traditional buyer-merchant relationships. This change is accompanied by challenges that companies need to address. 
 # Objective:
   The basic objective of the project is to analyse the customer’s behaviour in the shopping website data collect from the e-commerce website whether the customer will make some purchase or not and also the company will generate revenue by the customer or not. The dataset was formed so that each session would belong to a different user in a 1-year period to avoid any tendency to a specific campaign, special day, user profile, or period. this would help the company to understand the customer’s activity and understanding the areas that company should make some more concentration to increase the  revenue by the customer.
